Yin evil syndrome or something
That is, the source of the evil energy in you
Uh-huh.
Miss Ye, since you have an expert by your side
So I'll take my leave. I'll take my leave.
Thanks.
You saved me again
I didn't save you for nothing, I got paid
What revenge? Life-saving grace?
Do you want me to promise you?
You are Mu Qiu's friend
The treatment and consultation fee is 1,000 yuan in total.
This 1 million
I've never seen money
1 million can't move the owner if I can't find it
Back to you
It's free today.
I'll go first
As capable as Chen Hao
There are not many men with good character
Love brother, why do you always dislike him?
So what if he had some ability?
I still think
He and we are people from two different worlds